Updated Quickstart Footers (#7392)
github/docs: content/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo.md

## Celebrate

You have now forked a repository, practiced cloning your fork, and configured an upstream repository. For more information about cloning the fork and syncing the changes in a forked repository from your computer see "[Set up Git](/articles/set-up-git)."

You can also create a new repository where you can put all your projects and share the code on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}. For more information see, "[Create a repository](/articles/create-a-repo)."

Each repository in {% data variables.product.product_name %} is owned by a person or an organization. You can interact with the people, repositories, and organizations by connecting and following them on {% data variables.product.product_name %}. For more information see "[Be social](/articles/be-social)."

> {% data reusables.support.connect-in-the-forum-bootcamp %}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% data reusables.support.connect-in-the-forum-bootcamp %}
```

## Celebrate

> You have now forked a repository, practiced cloning your fork, and configured an upstream repository. For more information about cloning the fork and syncing the changes in a forked repository from your computer see "[Set up Git](/articles/set-up-git)".

Reviewer 2: 😁

You can also create a new repository where you can put all your projects and share the code on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}.

For more information see, "[Create a repository](/articles/create-a-repo)".

> Each repository has its own identity on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} that is associated with some people, or an organization. You can interact with people, repository on {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}. for more information see, "[Be social](/articles/be-social)".

Reviewer: Updating to match the text in the article above ☝🏻 

```suggestion
Each repository in {% data variables.product.product_name %} is owned by a person or an organization. You can interact with the people, repositories, and organizations by connecting and following them on {% data variables.product.product_name %}. For more information see "[Be social](/articles/be-social)."
```

> You can also {% data reusables.support.connect-in-the-forum-bootcamp %} and ask your queries. 

Reviewer: This is difficult. You've used a "reusable" which is good for making articles consistent and easier to maintain. 😄 

However, this reusable was written as a bullet point - so it starts with a capital letter which makes it unsuitable for use within a sentence. 😞 

I've checked where this is used, and it is used only in these four articles that you're editing. So here I think the best solution would be:

1. Edit the text of the reusable so that it matches what you want to say in all of these articles. It is stored here: https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/data/reusables/support/connect-in-the-forum-bootcamp.md. I'd recommend something like this, which is based on one of the articles above:
    `{% data variables.product.product_name %} has a great support community where you can ask for help and talk to people from around the world. Join the conversation on [Github Support Community](https://github.community/).`
2. Replace the current text about the support community in each of these articles with just `{% data reusables.support.connect-in-the-forum-bootcamp %}`.

Author: I actually missed that point. However, these reusable are quite handy in terms of adding into the context.
